# Week 3A Notes

## I. Last Week's Assignments

- ***Getting Started 1: Professional Email Practices***
  - RIT mail not working for anyone?
- ***Getting Started 2: Using Our Slack Workspace***
  - Can anyone NOT get into the section specific Slack channel?
  - Reminder: Most course questions should go to section secific channel, or directly to me via Slack
- ***Getting Started 3: Generative AI Basics***
  - How did it work out as a brainstorming tool?
  - Did you encounter any particular kinds of errors or issues?
  - Insightful?, or banal?

---

## II. This Week's Assignments  

### II-A. Study Guide 2: Finding & Evaluating Information
- Instructions, links and "starter" document you will be submitting are here: [Study Guide 2: Finding & Evaluating Information](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1hKDYoEhBuw5CmN20XqTu21ejhsadrX4jJziFZos82LQ/copy)
- There is also a myCourses "Assignment" for this under the Assignments tab (aka "Dropbox")
  - it shows the due date - which is important! - *Friday Sep 13, 11:59 PM*
  - it tells you how to submit the assignment, which in this instance is a PDF or Word doc uploaded to the dropbox
- Let's head to the starter document and look over the readings:
  - i) Properly citing sources
    - and the good news is ..?
  - ii) YouTube - ***Fact Checking: Crash Course Navigating Digital Information #2*** - deciding what's credible
    - Go beyond focusing on the professional presentation of the site, and instead focus on these 3 questions:
    - 1) *Who is behind this information, and what is their motivation for sharing it?*
    - 2) *What is the claim itself? What is the evidence for their claims? What is the source of this evidence?*
    - 3) *What do other sources say about the organization and its claims? Check multiple sources.*
    - ***Have discussions with real data and real cost-benefit analyses**
    -  **Better information leads to better decisions**
    -  **Try to be skeptical, not cynical**
        - --> https://www.racket.news/p/how-the-opiate-conspiracy-widened
    -  **Make a habit of fact checking information that we find interesting or sharable or that makes us emotional**
    -  **We have to train our internal falsehood alarms to respond not just to potential misinformation we disaagree with, but also information we agree with. Test your assumptions sometimes.***
  - iii) RIT Library InforGuide for Interactive Games and Media: https://infoguides.rit.edu/game-design
    - Do some searches/look under the menus:
      - "Design of Everyday Things"
      - O'Reilly Media & LinkedIn Learning
      - mintel market research
      - GDC proceedings
      - Internet Arcade


    

---

## III. Project 1
- [Project 1 Teams](../documents/p1-teams.md)
- ***Project 1  - Product Proposal - Work Plan*** (due Wednesday at 3PM for sections 04/05, and Thursday at 3PM for section 06)
  - see myCourses Assignment and/or Projects tab under the Content section for Instructions
  - [Product Proposal Work Plan](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1NE3mdt5ifD5SRErA-Q_-InvdCdbZwDjbSftE9HFy4bU/copy)
  - [Instructions for Product Proposal Template](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1pHhtKZ5NTE9x_Yip8sNddIAt5pX0N-102NRUnkM2WWE/edit#heading=h.4d0scevw54ns)
  - So this needs to be completed and submitted before you come to class next time!

---

## IV. Brainstorming Tips

- From [LinkedIn Learning: Brainstorming](https://www.linkedin.com/learning/learning-brainstorming/defining-the-purpose-of-brainstorming-14168757)
  - Rule 1: Have the right number of brainstormers (5 to 7)
  - Rule 2: Don't fill the room with the same person:
    - fill it out with people who feel differently than you
    - don't be afraid to say stupid things
  - Rule 3: No pop quizzes
    - don't spring brainstorming on people! Give them opt out option and 2 day notice
    - give people tme to consciously or subconsciously solve it. Adults are serial problem solvers
    - we start solving problems subconsciously the moment we are presented with them. Give people the problem ahead of time
  - Rule 9: Leave the judge at the door
    - eliminate idea criticism from the session.
  - Rule 10: Document the Brainstorming Process
    - make it everyone's responsibility - write down your idea
  - Rule 11: Every team needs a coach
    - energy declines! We all stare blankly at each other.
    - alter the problem in some way
  - Rule 12: Capture Residual Ideas
    - more ideas will come later


---
---

| <-- Previous Unit | Home | Next Unit -->
| --- | --- | --- 
|  [**Week 2 Notes**](2.md)  |  [**IGME-430 Home**](../) | Week 3B Notes
