# Week 3B Notes

## I. Upcoming Assignments

- *Now that you have a product idea, you can do these short assignments. Individually they don't take very long, but don't put them off until the last minute...*

### *Finding/Evaluating 1: Research Resources*
- Due Monday 9/16 at 3:00PM (all sections)
- See Assignments tab in myCourses for the instructions and dropbox you are submitting to
- *...Using resources listed in the IGM Infoguide discussed in your study guide, identify three recent articles on your group's product idea. You must be able to gain access to the full text of the resource, so that you can scan through it and make sure that it is relevant, up to date, and legitimate...*

### *Finding/Evaluating 2:  Creating Bibliographic Citations*
- Due Monday 9/16 at 3:00PM (all sections)
- See Assignments tab in myCourses for the instructions and dropbox you are submitting to
- *...You're going to be using an online tool to create a short bibliography, using these instructions...*

### *Finding/Evaluating 3: Researching with Generative AI*
- Due Monday 9/16 at 3:00PM (all sections)
- See Assignments tab in myCourses for the instructions and dropbox you are submitting to
- *...Ask two different AI tools to identify three good articles related to your product idea. You should also request APA-formatted citations for each of the articles they identify. Use the same query (or series of queries) for both of the tools...*

---

- *This assignment is relevant for next week's critiquing activities*:

### *Study Guide 3: Critiquing & Defending Ideas*
- Due Monday 9/16 at 3:00PM (all sections)
- See Assignments tab in myCourses for the instructions and dropbox you are submitting to
- [Link to Assignment - Study Guide 3: Critiquing & Defending Ideas](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1xJRSgfsNAd01ATYUn99kRiaxmId_z_mFYw3ag5IPwx8/copy)

---

## II. Project 1 - next up is *Product Proposal*
- [Project 1 Teams](../documents/p1-teams.md) - now with Product titles!
- ***Project 1  - Product Proposal***
  - [Instructions for Product Proposal Template](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1pHhtKZ5NTE9x_Yip8sNddIAt5pX0N-102NRUnkM2WWE/edit#heading=h.4d0scevw54ns)
  - ***This is due next Wednesday 9/18 start of class (sections 04/05) or next Thursday 9/19 start of class (sections 06)**
  - *Before class, your group will have a solid first draft of the product proposal - that means more than just bullet lists or a handful of vague sentences!*
  - *You'll need to make your draft visible to anyone at RIT who has the link, and then share (just) the link to your section specific Slack thread (only one link submission per group is needed)*
  - *In class you'll be reading through the other groups' proposal docs and filling out a critique form that we'll provide*



---

## III. Product Proposal Instructions - some tips

### 1. Executive Summary
- Consider being very specific about the audience:
  - ex. instead of "VR Gloves", consider *"VR Gloves for Gamers"* or *"VR Gloves for First Responders"*
  - ex. Instead of "Taser Bed", consider *"Taser Bed for busy people"* or *"Taser bed for unhoused students"*

### 2. Market Research and Needs Analysis
- Be sure to do a competiive analysis of what's out there - use "the Google"!
- Don't forget about "Mintel Market Research" which is available through the RIT library

### 3. Product Description
- Visuals/mock-ups would be nice

### 4. Possible Problems & Counter Arguments
- Recall that in teams of 4, everyone does this

### 5. Conclusion & Recommendations

---
---

| <-- Previous Unit | Home | Next Unit -->
| --- | --- | --- 
|  [**Week 3A Notes**](3A.md)  |  [**IGME-430 Home**](../) | Week 4A Notes
