# Week 4A Notes

## I. Study Guide #3 - Discussion

- [Seven Keys to Effective Feedback (Grant Wiggins)](https://ascd.org/el/articles/seven-keys-to-effective-feedback)
- [Rhetoric: Essentials of an Argument (Purdue OWL video)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KdE862C9YOI)
- [The Secret to Successfully Pitching an Idea (TED video)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l0hVIH3EnlQ)
- [How to Give Kind Criticism, and Avoid Being Critical (Zen Habits)](https://zenhabits.net/how-to-give-kind-criticism-and-avoid-being-critical/)
- [How to Accept Criticism with Grace and Appreciation (Zen Habits)](https://zenhabits.net/how-to-accept-criticism-with-grace-and-appreciation/)

---

## II. Upcoming Assignments (these won't take too long)

### Critiquing/Defending 2: You're the Critic
- Due Monday 9/23 at 3:00PM
- See Assignments tab in myCourses for the instructions and dropbox you are submitting to after you have completed this exercise
- *...For this exercise, you will critique a peer-reviewed journal article on games or media...*

### Critiquing/Defending 3: How Can I Persuade You?
- Due Monday 9/23 at 3:00PM
- See Assignments tab in myCourses for the instructions and dropbox you are submitting to
- *There are many ways to convince others to accept our position or recommendation. Read this article from the Harvard Business review before you continue...*
  - *https://scottberkun.com/essays/35-how-to-give-and-receive-criticism/*
  - *https://hbr.org/2019/07/the-art-of-persuasion-hasnt-changed-in-2000-years*

### Reminder: In-class critiques of Project Proposals is what we are doing next time!

---

## III. The Metagame!
### Critiquing/Defending 1: The Metagame (In-Class Activity)
- We're doing it right now
- Due tonight at 11:59PM
- See Assignments tab in myCourses for the instructions and dropbox you are submitting to

---

### Game Rules
#### A. SETUP
- One player starts as the critic.
- Deal everyone but the critic a hand of cards equal to two less than the total number of players (i.e. a hand of 3 for 5 players).
- Deal that many opinion cards face up in a row.

#### B. DEBATE
- The critic picks one of the face-up cards to use for each round.
- Everyone else selects the best match from their hand and places it face-down on the table.
- Once all players have placed their cards, they should all turn them over.
- The critic calls on each player one by one, and the player argues for a minute or two why their card is the best match.

#### C. JUDGEMENT
- The critic picks what they feel are the BEST and the WORST responses.
- The critic(s) must explain why they chose the winner and loser.
  - *Why was one argument more convincing?*
  - *What could the losing player have done to have strengthened their argument?*
- The losing player discards all cards and joins the critic. On future rounds, the growing group of critics judges together. The newest critic selects the next opinion card and breaks tie votes. All surviving players draw a card.
- The winning player draws an extra card.

#### D. WINNING
- The final player remaining wins the game.
- Repeat the game until everyone has had a chance to be the starting critic, or you run out of time.

---

#### Metagame Assignment Instructions (from myCourses dropbox)

- *In class your group will be playing The Metagame, a card game that's focused on defending your ideas. Each member of the group should have a chance to be the critic once. The critic should track the order of players in their round, and write a paragraph about what types of arguments you found most convincing. Submit that to the dropbox.*

```
e.g.

1) Critic: Your name

Round 1: Winner/Loser
Round 2: Winner/Loser
(repeat for each round)

2) What elements made arguments most convincing?

```

#### Additinal clarification on Assignment
- If your group did not make it through every team member starting as the critic, that's okay. The students that were able to be the critics should share their notes on who won/lost each round so everyone can include those in their submission (Step "1)" in the assignment.)
- For step 2, each team member should individually write a paragraph about what types of arguments you found the most convincing, even if you weren't a critic. 
- This is an individual assignment, so each person is submitting their own document, not 1 document with everyone's paragraphs. 

---
---

| <-- Previous Unit | Home | Next Unit -->
| --- | --- | --- 
|  [**Week 3B Notes**](3B.md)  |  [**IGME-430 Home**](../) | Week 4B Notes
