# Week 6B Notes

## I. Recent HW
- [Digital Images 1: Core Concepts](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11qw25yxtDBrB0UtdIWe93Mqi_u6gbsYE/edit?usp=sharing&amp;ouid=102147966520281822162&amp;rtpof=true&amp;sd=true/copy)
  - GIF v. JPEG v. PNG-24
  - Which works better for *photographs*?
  - Which works better for *logos* or *icons* that contain areas of flat colors?
  - Which should be used to save *lossless* photos?
  - Which would save a photograph with both moderate file size and moderate quality?
  - Which generally has the *largest* file size?
- [Week 5 Study Guide - The Medium is the Message](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1S7uE_dgrYcHWqzDImetcPAd2Q_1n3F_8-eLIfb-h9mI/copy)
  - we talked about this last time:
    - persuasiveness of video
    - writing for print v. web
    - "Medium is message" (Smashing Article): *First, the medium through which a message is experienced shapes the user’s perception of the message. Secondly, a medium can be the message itself if it is delivering content that would otherwise be impossible to access.*

---

## II. Upcoming HW
- ***Reflections and Feedback Survey*** for the Product Proposal:
  - the link for each group's survey is in Slack - look for the message thread for your specific team
  - see myCourses dropbox for due date - no late submissions will be accepted
- [HyperMedia? - "Marking Up" your P1 Product Proposal (Extra Credit)](../exercises/hypermedia.md)
- ***NEW -->*** [***Week 6 Study Guide: Visual Design***](https://docs.google.com/document/d/14oI7kb8EDRQruHPqxgt4ObKOeYWzOlwY84fpElP_DYY/edit#heading=h.zh50ne9gq5he)
- ***NEW --->*** ***Visual Design 1: Typography***:
  - [YouTube: Design principles: Typography — The Freelancer's Journey](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yom0nogFN3k)
  - [Instructions](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1QFFXwnVxKJTwE5jtdRR-pYRDlGtGyXkR9Lix8-91Sqg/edit)
  - Save your copy of the Typography worksheet as a PDF and upload it to myCourses

---

## III. In-class Exercise - Transmedia "Round Robin" Exercise


- Your instructor will divide you into groups of three or four students for this exercise. At the end of the group activity, you’ll have a short individual writeup to complete.
- Your instructor will give your group an idea to start with.
- *As you work through each round, before you pass the team's paper, write your team number on the top of each paper.*

### Round 1 - Get Started
- For the first ten minute round, your group will create a 100-word story based on the content. After the ten minutes are up, pass your story on to another group.

### Round 2 - Visual Adaptation
- For the second ten-minute round, your group will take the text content from another group and create a 3 panel comic strip. After the ten minutes are up, pass your comic on to another group.

### Round 3 - Interactive Story
- For the third ten-minute round, your group will take the visual adaptation and create a choose your own adventure flow chart for it. After the ten minutes are up, pass your interactive story on to another group.

### Round 4 - Another Story
- For the last ten-minute round, your group will take the flow chart, and create a 100-word story based on it.

### Group Discussion
- After all four rounds are complete, collect all four versions of your original content (text, visual, and flow chart, and the final story). As a group, discuss the following questions:
  - How did the content evolve across versions?
  - What core elements remained throughout all four?
  - What elements were significantly different?

### Submission
- After the discussion, each person should write up a brief (1-2 paragraph) summary of what the differences were. You can summarize what your group said, or you can share your own individual perspective.
- Put this into a Word DOC or PDF and post to the dropbox no later than 11:59PM tonight.

  


---
---

| <-- Previous Unit | Home | Next Unit -->
| --- | --- | --- 
|  [**Week 6A Notes**](6A.md)  |  [**IGME-430 Home**](../) | Week 7A Notes

