# Week 7A Notes

## I. Recent HW
- *Transmedia Exercise - Round Robin/Telephone*
- *Reflections and Feedback Survey* for the Product Proposal
- [HyperMedia? - "Marking Up" your P1 Product Proposal (Extra Credit)](../exercises/hypermedia.md)
- [Week 6 Study Guide: Visual Design](https://docs.google.com/document/d/14oI7kb8EDRQruHPqxgt4ObKOeYWzOlwY84fpElP_DYY/edit#heading=h.zh50ne9gq5he)
- Visual Design 1: Typography
  - [YouTube: Design principles: Typography — The Freelancer's Journey](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yom0nogFN3k)
  - [Instructions](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1QFFXwnVxKJTwE5jtdRR-pYRDlGtGyXkR9Lix8-91Sqg/edit)

---

## II. Project 2 - Infographic
- First Deliverable - *Project Plan* (aka *Design Brief*)
  - Step #1 - Choose a product proposal to create an InfoGraphic for. You may choose your own team's product proposal, or another team's from this section. See your section specific Slack channel for links to the other team's proposals.
  - ***IMPORTANT -->*** Be sure that the FINAL VERSION of YOUR team's product proposal is at the link, and that the document is visible to anyone with an RIT email address.

## II-A. Choose a Product Proposal
- Choose a product proposal to create an InfoGraphic for. You may choose your own team's product proposal, or another team's.&nbsp; See your section specific Slack channel for links to the other team's proposals. PS - Be sure that the FINAL VERSION of YOUR team's product proposal is at the link, and that the document is visible to anyone with an RIT email address.
- Keep in mind that infographics are primarily intended for displaying data in an easy to understand visual context. As a result, you'll be drawing from the research that was done on the product, and finding a way to display that in a visually compelling way. It’s also quite likely that you’ll need to supplement that research with some of your own.&nbsp;

## II-B. Here’s what you need to include in your design brief:

- A) a section with an explanation of which proposal you decided to work off of.
  - What was it about that particular proposal that made you want to select it? There should be clear intent behind your reasoning, and not just "because I felt like it."&nbsp;

- B) a section describing who the infographic is targeted at, and what you want to accomplish with it.
  - Watch [“Five Ws of Success”](https://www.linkedin.com/learning/learning-infographic-design-14154168/defining-the-5-ws?u=42272537) in the LinkedIn Learning Library

- C) a section describing the data that you think you’ll need in order to accomplish your goal for the infographic.
  - How much of that is already available in the product proposal you’re working with. What additional data do you think you might need to gather?&nbsp; Keep in mind that data can take a wide range of forms, from statistics to timelines to lists or feature comparisons.

- D) A mood board.
  - The mood board should include examples of typography, colors, and images that you think would work well for the audience and goal of your infographic.

## II-C. Submission
- When you are finished, upload your design brief as a .docx file, with the mood board included in the document.

---

## III. In-class exercise Mood Board (we'll do this Thursday)
- Before you start creating a visual design--whether it's print, online, or interactive--it can be very helpful to start with a mood board. Mood boards can help you express ideas and the design goals of your project, even when you're having trouble coming up with the words to describe them.
- [Instructions are here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1-83awwd-1czdAo2lbiAwuoZtng9GW0PWtiGK7pC3b6s/edit?usp=sharing)



---
---

| <-- Previous Unit | Home | Next Unit -->
| --- | --- | --- 
|  [**Week 6B Notes**](6B.md)  |  [**IGME-430 Home**](../) | Week 7B Notes

