# Week 9A Notes


## I. Infographic 

- Infographic Mockup
  - We will critique these in class today (see below)
  - See myCourses dropbox for submission details and requirements
- Infographic Final
  - Due 3PM before class 9B
  - See myCourses dropbox for submission details and requirements
 
---

## II. In-class
- Infographic Mockup - Critique
  - While referring to the rubric, offer feedback to at least 3 of your classmates
  - Also look for:
    - Spelling and grammar issues
    - Are the font choices appropriate? How many fonts are there?
    - Is the text readable and is there enough contrast?
    - Do the colors work together?
    - Do the icons/images and associated text work together?
    - Are elements too close together, or too far apart?
    - Do you think the overall graphic will *resonate with*/*persuade* the target audience?
  - I will take attendance towards the end of class, and that's how you will get credit for the critique and your mockup
- Infographic Final Rubric is here --> [p2-Infographic-Rubric.pdf](../_files/p2-Infographic-Rubric.pdf)

---

## III. Infographic Final (Instructions repeated from dropbox)
- Now that you've gotten feedback on the first version of infographic, you can incorporate that feedback into your final version.&nbsp;
- As a reminder, your infographic needs to include the following elements:

1) A title - one that is clearly identifiable and legible, and that make it clear what the infographic is about. (So, just using the title of the product is not enough. What aspect of the product are you talking about? Features? How it compares to others? A timeline of how that type of product has evolved? The process of using it?)

2) At least five elements in the infographic. Each should be labeled in a way that is clearly identifiable and legible, and that gives the reader an immediate sense of what the infographic conveys. (Think about the Canva video on infographics, and how it started with the presenter trying to identify the topic of an infographic based on the element titles and images alone.)

3) Each element should have an image that clearly illustrates its role in the overall infographic.&nbsp;The images should be similar in their design, and easy to recognize when scanning the infographic. Photographs are generally a poor choice here--you want clear, clean graphics. (Consider using sites like the&nbsp;Noun Project&nbsp;or&nbsp;Font Awesome. Some of the tools we’ve suggested (like Canva and Adobe Express) also have images and icons available.

4) A color scheme, typefaces, and images that are cohesive and appropriate. These can come from your original mood board plan--or, if you’ve decided to go in a different direction, colors and images that are still part of a specific design approach/theme.

5) A layout and overall design that has a clear hierarchy, making it easy to identify important information.&nbsp;&nbsp;


- In addition to the infographic itself (which should be submitted as a PDF), you should include a document answering the following questions. For each question you should provide a detailed answer. For instance, your audience wouldn't be "kids," but "middle school students who use X service to Y. Your goal should not be "buy this product," but "convince X audience to use Y because it solves Z problem for them:
  - Who is the audience for this?
  - What do you want it to accomplish? What should your audience think or do as a result of seeing it?&nbsp;
  - What type of infographic did you use, and why? What made you think that type of design would be well suited to your audience and goal?&nbsp;
  - How do the design elements (color, images, typeface) help to focus the design on your audience and goal? Be specific here.&nbsp;
  - What feedback did you get in the critique session in class, and how did you factor that into your final design?

---

## Study Guide 8

- [Study Guide 8: Interaction Design & Prototyping](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1gRDgkQNEEACPyXCWzBotQ03IAfYR41UmgKcGhz1I4wo/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.yhu4oq3rbp7z) - see myCourses Assignments tab for due date


---
---

| <-- Previous Unit | Home | Next Unit -->
| --- | --- | --- 
|  [**Week 8 Notes**](8.md)  |  [**IGME-430 Home**](../) | Week 9B Notes
